feat: Kotlin 2.1.0-Beta2 EAP release details (#4488)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/whatsnew-eap.md

* Multidollar interpolation: improved handling of `$` in string literals. 
  [Read the KEEP document for details](https://github.com/Kotlin/KEEP/blob/master/proposals/dollar-escape.md)

> All the features have IDE support in the latest EAP version of IntelliJ IDEA with the K2 mode enabled.
> 
> Learn more in the [IntelliJ IDEA 2024.3 EAP blog post](https://blog.jetbrains.com/idea/2024/09/intellij-idea-2024-3-eap/#k2-mode-enabled-by-default).
> 
{style="tip"}

[See the full list of Kotlin language design features and proposals](kotlin-language-features-and-proposals.md).

## New Gradle DSL for compiler options in multiplatform projects is stable

In Kotlin 2.0.0, [we introduced a new Experimental Gradle DSL](whatsnew20.md#new-gradle-dsl-for-compiler-options-in-multiplatform-projects) 
to simplify the configuration of compiler options across your multiplatform projects. 
In Kotlin %kotlinEapVersion%, this DSL has been promoted to Stable.

With this new DSL, you can configure compiler options at the extension level for all targets and shared source sets 

> like `commonMain`, and at the target level for specific targets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(like `commonMain`), as well as at the target level for specific targets:
```

Reviewer: To make it easier to read.

of setting up compiler options have been [deprecated](whatsnew20.md#deprecated-old-ways-of-defining-compiler-options).

## Improved overload resolution for functions with generic types

Previously, if you had a number of overloads for a function where some have value parameters of generic type
and others had function types at the same position, the resolution behavior was inconsistent in some cases.

This led to different behavior depending on whether your overloads were member functions or extension functions.
For example:

```kotlin
class KeyValueStore<K, V> {
    fun store(key: K, value: V) {} // 1
    fun store(key: K, lazyValue: () -> V) {} // 2
}

fun <K, V> KeyValueStore<K, V>.storeExtension(key: K, value: V) {} // 1 
fun <K, V> KeyValueStore<K, V>.storeExtension(key: K, lazyValue: () -> V) {} // 2

fun test(kvs: KeyValueStore<String, Int>) {
    // Member functions
    kvs.store("", 1)    // Resolves to 1
    kvs.store("") { 1 } // Resolves to 2

    // Extension functions
    kvs.storeExtension("", 1)    // Resolves to 1
    kvs.storeExtension("") { 1 } // Doesn't resolve
}
```

In the example, the `KeyValueStore` class has two overloads for the `store()` function,

> where one overload has function parameters with generic types `K`, `V`,

Reviewer: Maybe `<K, V>`  OR " `K` and `V`, "

Author: It’s more of a nitpick. I’d like to keep it as it is.

Kotlin/JS previously did not allow
using [names for test methods](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/coding-conventions.html#names-for-test-methods) with spaces
enclosed in backticks.

Similarly, it was not possible to access JavaScript object properties
that contained characters not permitted in Kotlin identifiers, such as hyphens or spaces:

```kotlin
external interface Headers {
    var accept: String?

    // Invalid Kotlin identifier due to hyphen
    var `content-length`: String?
}

val headers: Headers = TODO("value provided by a JS library")
val accept = headers.accept
// Causes error due to the hyphen in property name
val length = headers.`content-length`
```

This behavior differed from JavaScript and TypeScript,
which allow such properties to be accessed using non-identifier characters.

Starting from Kotlin %kotlinEapVersion%, this feature is enabled by default.
Kotlin/JS now allows you to use the backquote syntax and the `@JsName` annotation
to interact with JavaScript properties that contain non-identifier characters and to use names for test methods.

Now, you can enclose property names in backticks (``) to reference non-identifier characters. Additionally,

> you can use the `@JsName`and `@JsQualifier` annotations to map Kotlin property names to JavaScript equivalents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use the `@JsName` and `@JsQualifier` annotations to map Kotlin property names to JavaScript equivalents:
```

| `REDUNDANT_NULLABLE`                                  | `Boolean??` is used instead of `Boolean?`                                                |
| `PLATFORM_CLASS_MAPPED_TO_KOTLIN`                     | `java.lang.String` is used instead of `kotlin.String`                                    |
| `ARRAY_EQUALITY_OPERATOR_CAN_BE_REPLACED_WITH_EQUALS` | `arrayOf("") == arrayOf("")` is used instead of `arrayOf("").contentEquals(arrayOf(""))` |
| `REDUNDANT_CALL_OF_CONVERSION_METHOD`                 | `42.toInt()` is used instead of `42`                                                     |
| `USELESS_CALL_ON_NOT_NULL`                            | ` "".orEmpty()` is used instead of `""`                                                  |
| `REDUNDANT_SINGLE_EXPRESSION_STRING_TEMPLATE`         | `"$string"` is used instead of `string`                                                  |
| `UNUSED_ANONYMOUS_PARAMETER`                          | A parameter is passed in the lambda expression but never used                            |
| `REDUNDANT_VISIBILITY_MODIFIER`                       | `public class Klass` is used instead of `class Klass`                                    |

> | `REDUNDANT_MODALITY_MODIFIER`                         | `final class Klass` is used instead of class Klass                                       |

Reviewer: `class Klass`  as the previous one?
